Enhance readme with detailed custom items information (#3)
DevExpress-Examples/winforms-dashboard-custom-items-extension: CS/CustomItemExtension/readme.md

# DevExpress WinForms BI Dashboard - Custom Items

> This package implements additional data presentation/analysis items for the [DevExpress WinForms Dashboard](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/402519/winforms-dashboard). Install the package and register required items as shown below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides additional data presentation and analysis items for the [DevExpress WinForms Dashboard](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/402519/winforms-dashboard). Install the package and register the required items as shown below.
```

> This package provides additional data presentation and analysis items for the [DevExpress WinForms Dashboard](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/402519/winforms-dashboard). Install the package and register the required items as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides additional data presentation and analysis items for the [DevExpress WinForms Dashboard](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/402519/winforms-dashboard). Install the package and register the items as shown below.
```

## Included Items

- Sankey Item - Visualizes weighted flows and relationships between nodes.
- Sunburst Item - Displays hierarchical data in a circular layout.
- Tree List Item - Displays hierarchical parent-child data in a tree grid.
- Waypoint Map Item - Displays linked geographic locations on a map.
- Funnel Item - Visualizes data as stages in a business or sales process.
- Gantt Item - Displays project schedules, tasks, and timelines.
- Web Page Item - Displays web pages and dynamically generated URLs.
- Heatmap Item - Visualizes relationships between two dimensions using color intensity.

## Evaluation Period, Pricing Options, and Licensing Terms

> Whether you own a license or want to start a 30-day evaluation period, register your DevExpress license key. To obtain your key, log in to the [DevExpress Download Manager](https://www.devexpress.com/ClientCenter/DownloadManager/). Use your existing DevExpress.com account or create a new account for free. For additional registration instructions, see [License Key for DevExpress Products]( https://www.devexpress.com/go/Licensing_Documentation.aspx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether you own a license or want to start a 30-day evaluation, register your DevExpress license key. To obtain your key, sign in to the [DevExpress Download Manager](https://www.devexpress.com/ClientCenter/DownloadManager/). Use your existing DevExpress.com with an existing DevExpress.com account or create a free account. For additional registration instructions, see [License Key for DevExpress Products]( https://www.devexpress.com/go/Licensing_Documentation.aspx).
```

> Whether you own a license or want to start a 30-day evaluation, register your DevExpress license key. To obtain your key, sign in to the [DevExpress Download Manager](https://www.devexpress.com/ClientCenter/DownloadManager/). Use your existing DevExpress.com with an existing DevExpress.com account or create a free account. For additional registration instructions, see [License Key for DevExpress Products]( https://www.devexpress.com/go/Licensing_Documentation.aspx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether you own a license or want to start a 30-day evaluation, register your DevExpress license key. To obtain your key, sign in to the [DevExpress Download Manager](https://www.devexpress.com/ClientCenter/DownloadManager/) with an existing DevExpress.com account or create a free account. For additional registration instructions, see [License Key for DevExpress Products]( https://www.devexpress.com/go/Licensing_Documentation.aspx).
```

> If you purchase a license after evaluating a product, re-register your updated DevExpress license key to remove evaluation version warnings/messages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you purchase a license after evaluating a product, re-register your updated DevExpress license key to remove evaluation warnings and messages.
```

    End Namespace
    ```
2. Call the following code to attach the extension to the `DashboardDesigner` control:

    **C# code**:
    ```
    using DevExpress.XtraBars.Ribbon;
    using DevExpress.DashboardWin.CustomItemExtension; 

    public Form1() {
            InitializeComponent();
        var sankeyItemModule = new SankeyItemExtensionModule();
        dashboardDesigner1.CreateRibbon();
            sankeyItemModule.AttachDesigner(dashboardDesigner1);
    }
    ``` 

    **VB code**: 
    ```
    Imports DevExpress.XtraBars.Ribbon
    Imports DevExpress.DashboardWin.CustomItemExtension

    Public Sub New()
        InitializeComponent()
        Dim sankeyItemModule = New SankeyItemExtensionModule()
        dashboardDesigner1.CreateRibbon()
        sankeyItemModule.AttachDesigner(dashboardDesigner1)
    End Sub 
    ```
## Documentation

- [Custom Item Tutorials](http://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/403031/winforms-dashboard/winforms-designer/create-a-custom-item#tutorials)
- [Custom Item Troubleshooting](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/403250/winforms-dashboard/winforms-designer/create-a-custom-item/custom-item-troubleshooting)

## Software Bill of Materials (SBOM)

> To access SBOM files for DevExpress packages, please refer to the following article: [Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) for DevExpress .NET assemblies/NuGet packages, JavaScript, VCL and other redistributable artifacts](https://www.devexpress.com/go/DevExpress_Security_SBOM.aspx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about SBOM files for DevExpress packages, see [Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) for DevExpress .NET assemblies/NuGet packages, JavaScript, VCL and other redistributable artifacts](https://www.devexpress.com/go/DevExpress_Security_SBOM.aspx).
```
